# WPF_DZ2

Develop application "Keyboard simulator". The main application window should display a keyboard with non-interactive keys, which are necessary in order to help the user navigate the keyboard, in spite of it. When you press each of the keys, it should be highlighted on the screen. After starting a training session, the user should be displayed a randomly generated input line that takes into account the selected level of complexity. At the top of the window should display statistical information: the speed of typing the correct text and the number of errors. Also in the upper part of the window should be located controls that allow you to customize the complexity of the generated string for input. Using the slider, the user can select the number of characters to be used for the generated string. As the symbols used can be all the characters located in Fig.<br/>
After clicking on the “Start” button, a string of characters should be generated with user-defined settings. After that, the keys pressed by the user must be counted and displayed in the form of entered characters or in the form of errors.<br/>
It is also necessary to consider turning off those controls that cannot be used in the current state of the application. For example, you cannot press the “Stop” button unless the user has previously pressed the “Start” button. Additional task (optional): When you press the Shift and Caps Lock keys, the keyboard in the application should change the displayed characters, taking into account the actual input. At the same time in the settings it should be possible to specify whether it is necessary to generate a string case sensitive.
